README.md, before:

# Spartan Protocol Site

Repository for the spartanprotocol.org website.

![image](https://www.datocms-assets.com/31049/1618983297-powered-by-vercel.svg)

2.  **Add enviro file**

    Ensure the contentful keys are in `.env.development` file (when running dev locally)


2.  **Start developing.**

    yarn develop
    ```

3.  **Open the code and start customizing!**

    Your site is now running at http://localhost:8000!

    Edit `src/pages/index.js` to see your site update in real-time!

4.  **Learn more**

    - [Documentation](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [Tutorials](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/tutorial/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [Guides](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/tutorial/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [API Reference](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/api-reference/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [Plugin Library](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/plugins?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [Cheat Sheet](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/cheat-sheet/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

## 🚀 Quick start (Gatsby Cloud)

Deploy this starter with one click on [Gatsby Cloud](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/cloud/):

[<img src="https://www.gatsbyjs.com/deploynow.svg" alt="Deploy to Gatsby Cloud">](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/dashboard/deploynow?url=https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby-starter-minimal)

Commit message:

deps cleanup
- cleaned up unused dependencies
- removed contentful env calls in the workflow
- updated readme accordingly

closes #101

README.md, after:

# Spartan Protocol Site

Repository for the spartanprotocol.org website.

![image](https://www.datocms-assets.com/31049/1618983297-powered-by-vercel.svg)

2.  **Add enviro file**

    This is no longer important (CMS dep was removed)


2.  **Start developing.**

    yarn develop
    ```

3.  **Open the code and start customizing!**

    Your site is now running at http://localhost:8000!

    Edit `src/pages/index.js` to see your site update in real-time!

4.  **Learn more**

    - [Documentation](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [Tutorials](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/tutorial/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [Guides](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/tutorial/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [API Reference](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/api-reference/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [Plugin Library](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/plugins?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [Cheat Sheet](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/cheat-sheet/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

## 🚀 Quick start (Gatsby Cloud)

Deploy this starter with one click on [Gatsby Cloud](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/cloud/):

[<img src="https://www.gatsbyjs.com/deploynow.svg" alt="Deploy to Gatsby Cloud">](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/dashboard/deploynow?url=https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby-starter-minimal)
